Doctrine and Covenants (Case Study)

400-500 words

1.	Write your scenario – My friends have questions about the church history (about polygamy, and word of wisdom)

2.	Identify two foundational doctrines/principles of the restoration that you have learned from the course that are relevant to answering the question or concern in the scenario you created and explain why each principle is relevant: 

Plural marriage:
 - The most important insights about plural marriage from this lesson were that it is not necessary for exaltation and that monogamy is God's standard for marriage, unless otherwise they were commanded by a prophet. This understanding focuses the importance of abiding in the covenant, rather than adhering to plural marriage as a requirement. I still wondering about the specific purposes and reasons behind God’s command for plural marriage in the early days of the Church.

 - Doctrine and Covenants 132:19

Word of wisdom: 

 - The School of the Prophets, organized in January 1833, began meeting regularly in an upstairs room in the Newel K. Whitney Store in Kirtland, Ohio. During these meetings, the brethren often used tobacco. After his wife, Emma, voiced her concerns, Joseph Smith inquired of the Lord and received the revelation known as the Word of Wisdom (see Saints: The Story of the Church of Jesus Christ in the Latter Days, vol. 1, The Standard of Truth, 1815–1846[2018], 167–68Links to an external site.). Study Doctrine and Covenants 89:1–14, 18–21Links to an external site., and consider marking the Lord’s instructions and promises to the Saints.

-	Some Latter-day Saints wonder why the Word of Wisdom does not specifically prohibit other harmful substances. President Boyd K. Packer of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles addressed this question and clarified the promised blessings for keeping the Word of Wisdom. Read paragraphs 10–12 and 23–34 of his talk “The Word of Wisdom: The Principle and the Promises (Ensign,May 1996, 17–19).

-	I learned that living the Law of Health or other called the "Word of wisdom," helps protect my body and mind, brings blessings of health and spiritual strength, boosts self-control and discipline, and invites the Holy Spirit into my life which our bodies are temple, all of which helps me become more like Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ.



<<<<<<< HEAD
4.	Identify what additional information you would want to have and why. Identify any cautions you should take in answering their question or concern - 
c:\Users\Acer\Downloads\FALL 2024\WEB DESIGN\projects-HEYITSJALLEN\final
=======
3.	Explain how you would share those foundational doctrines/principles with the friend of yours in the scenario. Include your testimony – I will use it based on my personal study, and from the words of the church leaders,  and share my testimony regarding to their concern. 

4.	Identify what additional information you would want to have and why. Identify any cautions you should take in answering their question or concern - The additional information I would want to have is the line and the authorithy of the priesthood because some people wouldn't believe because what we do ordinances in the church is not familiar or strange.
>>>>>>> 325e2dce3ff1eb3317a19e2390a93ea846f99da6
